+++
date = '2025-06-30T21:31:09+01:00'
title = 'Take Two'
tags = ['IndieWeb Carnival']
+++

June's [IndieWeb Carnival](https://indieweb.org/indieweb-carnival) prompt is ["Take Two"](https://www.nicksimson.com/posts/2025-indieweb-carnival-take-two.html) and there's a hundred different ways I could join in on this.

So here's my first post joining in with an IndieWeb Carnival; Take Two.

<!--more-->

## Regrets?

Right off the bat I'll say yes, there are plenty of things I'd have liked a second take at. 

I don't see this as bad, to me this is growth. Looking back on something and seeing how you could have done it better shows wisdom and maturity. 

It'd be easy to get stuck here though, wallowing in sadness and longing for what you could have had, so you have to accept it as take one and move on, which is the theme I'll be sticking with for this post.

## Take Two with Tech

I have a friend who wants to get into tech. They've tried before, and it didn't stick, so this is their take two, and I want to let them know I'm proud of them for coming back.

It isn't easy changing careers, or even considering it, when you have bills to pay and a lifestyle to maintain, but with tech it's possible.

I'd even say a second take in tech is encouraged. Let's look at Apple for a second. They didn't invent the MP3 player, but they had a very popular second take on it.

First impressions matter and all that, but I think what counts in tech is the second take, and then the third, and all the improvements that reveal themselves with each iteration. My dad would probably include a reference here to WD-40 and the 39 complete and utter failures that came before it.

## Personal Takes

You're reading this on take ~~seven~~ two of my blog, something that could have been running for 10 years if I had stuck at it when I started it.

I'm no better with [microblogging](https://micro.paultibbetts.uk), which constantly feels like take two for me. My "how I got my website online" series stalled after the first post and needs redoing.

This week I am finishing off some work I started last week. It was only meant to take a few days, but I didn't know what I was doing, so I had to make something just to find out what it was I was meant to be making in the first place.

All this whilst taking a second break from work. I tried it last year, went back to my job and then proceeded to burn myself out all over again.

So here I am, a year later, Taking a Break From Work and Switching Things Up: Take Two.

## Kaizen (改善)

So it's on to the next iteration. 

And then the next.

As long as I'm continuously learning, always aiming to do better, that's ok with me.
