content/uses.md, before:

+++
title = "Uses"
type = "page"
+++

This is the tech I use. 

See [uses.tech](https://uses.tech/) for more `/uses` pages.

Accurate as of {{<gitinfo>}}.

{{<toc>}}

## OS

- 🍏 **MacOS** for personal use
- 💩 **Windows** for gaming

## Hardware

- 💻 **M3 Macbook Pro** for personal use
- 👐 [Glove80](https://moergo.com/) split keyboard
- 📱 **iPhone 14 Pro**
- ⌚️ **Apple Watch Ultra**
- 📢 **AirPods Pro** for when I'm out
- 🎧 **AirPods Max** for hearing every detail

### Desk

- 🖥️ **PC** for gaming in Windows and working in Ubuntu
- ⌨️ **Razer Huntsman Elite keyboard** for gaming
- 🖱️ **Razer Viper Ultimate mouse** for gaming
- 🎧 **Steelseries Arctis Nova Pro headphones** for gaming
- 🔊 **Samsung soundbar** for ambient background music
- 🎙️ **Blue Yeti microphone**

## Software

- 🕸️ [Arc Browser](https://arc.net/gift/d6beda6b) is new to me, I'm still trying it out
- 🕵️‍♂️ **Signal** for secure messaging
- ☎️ **Discord** for insecure messaging
- 📝 **Logseq** for notes
- 🎶 **Apple Music** for playlists and individual songs
- 💿 [Mixcloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/paultibbetts/favorites/) for mixes and following DJs

### Web

- 📺 [ghostty](https://ghostty.org/) for my terminal
- ⚡️ **tmux** for window management inside the terminal
- ⌨️ **Neovim** as my editor
- 🦊 **Firefox Developer Edition** for web development
- 🐳 **Docker** containers where possible
- ☸️ **Kubernetes** for running containers
- 🤖 **Ansible** for configuring servers
- 🐹 **Go** on my personal projects
- 🐘 **PHP** at work

## Desk

- 🖥️ **LG C1 48" TV** for when you want IMAX mode
- 📺 **LG 27" monitor** in portrait mode for a second screen
- 🪵 **DIY Desk** dark walnut stain
- 🧍 **Sit/Stand desk legs made by Fully**
- 💺 **Herman Miller Embody chair**
- 📸 **GoPro 11 camera** as a webcam (I need a proper one)
- 💡 **2 x Elgato Key Light** for video calls
- 🎹 **Elgato Stream Deck +** for extra buttons and dials

Commit message:

chore: mention other uses pages

content/uses.md, after:

+++
title = "Uses"
type = "page"
+++

This is the tech I use. 

I have separate pages for my [developer environment](https://paultibbetts.github.io/dev) and [wildcamping gear](https://pinthewild.micro.blog/uses).

See [uses.tech](https://uses.tech/) for more `/uses` pages.

Accurate as of {{<gitinfo>}}.

{{<toc>}}

## OS

- 🍏 **MacOS** for personal use
- 💩 **Windows** for gaming

## Hardware

- 💻 **M3 Macbook Pro** for personal use
- 👐 [Glove80](https://moergo.com/) split keyboard
- 📱 **iPhone 14 Pro**
- ⌚️ **Apple Watch Ultra**
- 📢 **AirPods Pro** for when I'm out
- 🎧 **AirPods Max** for hearing every detail

### Desk

- 🖥️ **PC** for gaming in Windows and working in Ubuntu
- ⌨️ **Razer Huntsman Elite keyboard** for gaming
- 🖱️ **Razer Viper Ultimate mouse** for gaming
- 🎧 **Steelseries Arctis Nova Pro headphones** for gaming
- 🔊 **Samsung soundbar** for ambient background music
- 🎙️ **Blue Yeti microphone**

## Software

- 🕸️ [Arc Browser](https://arc.net/gift/d6beda6b) is new to me, I'm still trying it out
- 🕵️‍♂️ **Signal** for secure messaging
- ☎️ **Discord** for insecure messaging
- 📝 **Logseq** for notes
- 🎶 **Apple Music** for playlists and individual songs
- 💿 [Mixcloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/paultibbetts/favorites/) for mixes and following DJs

### Web

- 📺 [ghostty](https://ghostty.org/) for my terminal
- ⚡️ **tmux** for window management inside the terminal
- ⌨️ **Neovim** as my editor
- 🦊 **Firefox Developer Edition** for web development
- 🐳 **Docker** containers where possible
- ☸️ **Kubernetes** for running containers
- 🤖 **Ansible** for configuring servers
- 🐹 **Go** on my personal projects
- 🐘 **PHP** at work

## Desk

- 🖥️ **LG C1 48" TV** for when you want IMAX mode
- 📺 **LG 27" monitor** in portrait mode for a second screen
- 🪵 **DIY Desk** dark walnut stain
- 🧍 **Sit/Stand desk legs made by Fully**
- 💺 **Herman Miller Embody chair**
- 📸 **GoPro 11 camera** as a webcam (I need a proper one)
- 💡 **2 x Elgato Key Light** for video calls
- 🎹 **Elgato Stream Deck +** for extra buttons and dials
